in a public civil action in marking the eduardo his own
right, I'm a little behind
dominated the barrel of wti in jabaquara
ball bounced on the floor and
for mackenzie teacher
no pacaembu
over time the nautical team
Corinthians's defensive front has shifted from the side the play starts on the right in a
exit of the corinthians team
because on the left side with filipe took roberto marinho
so play out of the area near get designed which will face the goal
pascal lamy
new move built affirmed
on the other side left
with marcelo with the foot
the tap gave the ball into the area the beautiful twisted pet and talk to the
counts with the account because the goal and left they just missed the inside goal
46 minutes mark nautical for pacaembu
The correct one is to use nautical paulo
the norwegian maurice
a beautiful
I do not stay the whole play built by the weakness of the team of curitiba on the side
left
It will be another 45 minutes to get to know
in the quarterfinals of the cup of Brazil but if there is a need
we in the tie from 2 to 2
we will have many penalties
The ball goes back to roll you like
the sport by pfc international
The cup of Brazil
historical result in which they are
while the Corinthians in the pacaembu and went forward in the Copa do Brasil Corinthians
and Basque an optical luiz